Harmonize javascript 6 (#85)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/js/6/auth/get-my-credentials/index.md

layout: sdk.html.hbs
algolia: true
title: getMyCredentials
description: Returns the current user's credential information for the specified strategy.
---

# getMyCredentials

> Returns credential information for the currently logged in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns credentials information for the currently logged in user.
```

> The data returned will depend on the specified authentication strategy, and they should not include any sensitive information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned data depends on the given authentication strategy, and should never include any sensitive information.
```

The result can be an empty object.

## Arguments

```javascript
getMyCredentials (strategy, [options])
```

<br/>

| Arguments    | Type    | Description
|--------------|---------|-------------
| `strategy` | <pre>string</pre> | Strategy to use
| `options` | <pre>object</pre> | Query options

### options

Additional query options

| Property     | Type<br/>(default)    | Description   |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------- |
|  `queuable`  |  <pre>boolean</pre> <br/>(`true`) |  Make this request queuable or not  |

## Resolves

An `object` representing the credentials for the provided authentication strategy.

> The content depends on the authentication strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its content depends on the authentication strategy.
```
